The Deployment Manager (DM) templates in this folder can be used to automatically deploy Sysdig Cloud across an existing Kubernetes cluster on GKE (Google Container Engine) using a Replication Controller (RC).

This is a hack deployment method for older Kubernetes clusters (<1.2 on GKE) which do not support Daemon Sets.

If you are using a newer version of Kubernetes (1.2+), you should use the Daemon Set based DM templates in the alternate folder in this repo.


Follow these steps:

1) Fill in the appropriate information for your cluster in cluster.yaml. Your cluster's API server IP address and authentication can be found in the Google Cloud Platform console in the details for your cluster under "Endpoint".

2) Use cluster.yaml to deploy the DM types that will allow you to create resources in your cluster:

  $ gcloud deployment-manager deployments create cluster-types --config cluster.yaml

This will create two types for interacting with the Kubernetes APIs:

- <cluster-name>-v1 (for interacting with the normal v1 API)
- <cluster-name>-extensions-v1beta1 (for interacting with the extensions API)

3) Fill in the appropriate information in sysdig.yaml. Be sure that the cluster property is the same cluster name used in step (1). Note, you must select one of your slave nodes as the delegate node - this node will host the Sysdig Cloud agent that will actually ping back to the API server to collect the metadata exposed there. Also note, you must supply the number of slave nodes in your cluster. This does not need to be the exact number, but rather any number higher than the expected number of slave nodes - this number will tell the RC how many instances of the Sysdig Cloud agent container to deploy, but only one container will be deployed per slave node.

4) Use sysdig.yaml to deploy the daemonset:

  $ gcloud deployment-manager deployments create sysdig --config sysdig.yaml

After a short period (minutes at most), you should see data from your cluster being reported in the Sysdig Cloud app.